Adding option to 'force-hsts' headers (#2422)
chef/supermarket: docs-chef-io/content/supermarket/config_rb_supermarket.md

: Force connections to use SSL. Default value: `true`.

`default['supermarket']['nginx']['force_hsts']`

> : Set the force HSTS headers, if `default['supermarket']['nginx']['force_ssl']` is `false` and `default['supermarket']['nginx']['force_hsts']` is `true`. Default value: `false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: Set the force HSTS headers, if `default['supermarket']['nginx']['force_ssl']` is `false` and `default['supermarket']['nginx']['force_hsts']` is `true`. This feature is used to enable HSTS headers on a Supermarket installation that is behind a SSL terminating load balancer. Default value: `false`.
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
: Force connections to use HSTS headers. Only valid if `default['supermarket']['nginx']['force_ssl']` is `false`. This feature enables HSTS headers on a Supermarket installation that is behind an SSL-terminating load balancer. Default value: `false`.
```
